To qualify for the Asia regional preliminary programming contest held annually in Japan, teams must pass a strict domestic selection process. Although it is a university competition, multiple teams can represent one university. To allow as many universities as possible to participate in the Asia regional preliminary, the following selection rules apply for the qualifying teams according to their performance ranking. The team in question is referred to as team A, and the selection rules are applied in the order of their performance: Rule 1: If the current number of selected teams is less than 10, team A is selected if the number of already selected teams from the same institution is less than 3. Rule 2: If the current number of selected teams is less than 20, team A is selected if the number of already selected teams from the same institution is less than 2. Rule 3: If the current number of selected teams is less than 26, team A is selected if there are no already selected teams from the same institution. The ranking of performance is determined by the number of problems solved; the team that solved more problems ranks higher. In the event of a tie in the number of problems solved, the team with the lower penalty ranks higher. You are to create a program that receives the ID (integer), affiliation (integer), number of correct answers (integer), and penalty (integer) of each team, and outputs the IDs of the selected teams in the order they were selected. Note that teams may not be given in order of performance, so ranking must be applied first before enforcing selection rules. If there are teams with the same number of correct answers and penalties, the team with the lower ID ranks higher. The input consists of multiple datasets; each dataset begins with an integer n (number of teams) followed by n lines containing the details of each team in the format: ID Affiliation CorrectAnswers Penalty. The value of n can be up to 300, and the range for IDs and affiliations is between 1 and 1000. It is assumed that there are no duplicate IDs within a single dataset. The number of correct answers is no more than 10, and penalties can be up to 100,000. The end of input is indicated by a line with the value of 0. Your program should output the IDs of the selected teams in the order they were selected, with each ID on a new line.